hello guys tidy rien here today we are
to be talking about fallout 4 I don't
know about you guys but I was really
really excited about the fallout trailer
that was released a little bit before e3
and then even more so by what they
showed at e3 I've been waiting for this
game a very long time it's finally
coming out in November 10th this year
get excited I thought I was actually
really really surprised that it's coming
out this year I tend to be very
disappointed by the length of time of
development these days so in fact they
announced it was just five months less
than five months now was pretty exciting
to me um I think a lot of people were
concerned whether or not this game was
coming out at all in any sort of
reasonable time frame and spend five
years since the new vegas was released
that was my favorite in the series to
date i've been a big fallout fan for a
long time i started with tactics but i
soon went back and tried the older games
as well as fallout 3 so I'm pretty
experienced pretty versed in the series
and it's one of my favorite games of all
time fallen in Vegas that is I wanted to
talk to you today a little bit about
something that I found out about it I
know it hasn't been talked a lot very
explicitly in media so take what you
hear here today with a grain of salt any
time you start talking about speculation
of games features of games that haven't
come out yet it's a risky business so I
advise you not to take what i say is
gospel take it with a grain of salt and
take for what you will and this is
definitely a friend of a friend told me
this sort of situation but I do happen
to know that at least the information he
gave me at the time was true so here's
here's the deal I think ever since at
least as far back as morrowind as far as
bethesda games go not that the Fallout
series always been part of Bethesda
stable of games but it is now at least
as far back as morrowind people have
been asking for and continually
disappointed by a lack of multiplayer
now I myself am not a fan of
player if it's just going to be some
tact on piece of shit but I think that
some of the most fun games I've ever
seen were co-op not that there's
anything wrong with single player but i
think that the Elder Scrolls games and
fall out at least the last few games in
particular have really just kind of made
people have an itch for co-op that
Bethesda has refused to scratch so far
and I would defy anybody just speaking
in general terms about coop I would defy
anybody out there to name one game that
was worse because of co-op I mean if you
have an example please let me know I
can't think of a single game that
included co-op did I said man this game
would have been way better even a little
bit better if it didn't have co-op now a
lot of games have really shoddily done
co-op and that is pretty insulting as
far as I'm concerned you know if you're
going to do it do it right and we'll get
to that here in just a second but co-op
I think is one of the most rewarding I
mean who doesn't want to play with
friends you know as far back as game
consoles or PC gaming has existed
everybody's been wanting to play
multiplayer games and their those of us
that don't want that to be some sort of
arena based head-to-head type shooter we
want to be able to play with friends
against an environment and I think
that's what people have been really
asking for these last few bethesda games
i think a lot of people were really
dissatisfied that they chose to go mass
multiplayer for Elder Scrolls online
rather than just making a co-op version
of the Skyrim experience and which is
exactly why modders have been furiously
at work trying to make all of these
games co-op viable some have worked and
some haven't but it'd be really nice if
we could get a triple a company like
Bethesda to just make it for us to make
it right to build it from the ground up
sadly i'm here today to tell you that is
not happening and fallout 4 and that's
really disappointing i'd like you to
know that it was planned it was in the
works but that several months ago about
five months ago it was scary
and my source for this information is a
friend of a friend but he definitely
absolutely worked on the game he was a
bit des de employee and he actually quit
because this feature was dropped it was
something he was really focused on
wanted to do and they just had kind of a
difference of opinion i guess you could
say and he actually ended up quitting
because of this but the facts are
there's a guy that i am acquainted with
he worked on fallout 4 they were
planning on coop and they aren't anymore
now unfortunately as i already said this
was five months ago so I know his
information was correct at the time
maybe they had some sort of breakthrough
an epiphany and they said you know what
we really need to devote some time and
do this right but I kind of doubt it i
mean the game is due out in less than
five months co-op is a really major
feature and here's a disappointing thing
their excuse was they couldn't figure
out how to do it right i mean really now
i understand that the gamebryo engine is
extremely inefficient its inefficient
all around and i'm kind of disappointed
that they're using it to begin with but
it's inefficient for multiplayer is
missing a lot of the subsystems that
that multiplayer tends to need however
let's not forget to drift was built on
gamebryo so i don't know how but us if
you'd have a really viable excuse for
this at this point and not that they had
one to begin with because they're a
triple a company you have virtually
unlimited resources you have all the
talent the world you make great games
but people really want this it's a
feature that you should not be ignoring
so i'm i'm pretty disappointed in them
about this if they're talking about how
do we make the quest system work I mean
come on that's not that's not that hard
there are three there are three basic
options that you could do for co-op to
fall out for the most apparent option
from what you've already revealed this
you could just may dog me controllable
by a second person now that's pretty
lame overall but it could still be a lot
of fun you know secret of evermore way
back in the day showing my age here
would have been way more fun if it
actually had co-op with the dog okay so
that's option one option two is I'm sure
there's going to be other NPCs in the
gamers I hope
the other in peace in the game Fallout
New Vegas style you could just make them
controllable drop in have full control
over them but you don't have to worry
about sinking quests or faction
relations anything like that just let
them control your MPC option three best
option by the way let other people bring
their character from their other world
in and don't let them have any effect on
the overall quest etc they help you out
in combat they can collect items if you
want them to whatever but don't let them
you know affect how the world perceives
you I mean it can't be that hard now if
you if you want to talk about netcode
blah blah we can have a conversation
about that and I'm sure it is difficult
but so is making a game right I mean can
we just get off our asses and implement
this because it is something that
everybody wants and even the people who
are like no no I want this to play a
single player experience the single
player purest so I don't get just allow
them to play a single player it's that
easy virtually every co-op game I can
think of had a single player option let
me know what you think about this guys
if you liked the video give it a like
and subscribe for more great videos
thanks for tuning in